
## 1

Alphabetizing the list of guests invited to a party.

## 2

Memory usage, network bandwidth, number of API calls, ...

## 3

An extensible array like `std::vector`.
It's a fixed-length array of size `N` of which the first `K` entries are used at a given time.
Appending an entry increases `K` by 1 and adds the value to the array (This is fast).
As long as `K` is smaller than `N`, everything is fine, but as soon as `K > N`, a new array with length larger `N` needs to be allocated (This is slow).
By choosing the new size to be a fixed multiple of the old `N`, for example `2N`, the overall amount of copying can be limited, even if many values are appended.
Looking up entries is fast.
Deleting entries is fast, but the internal array has to keep its old size, unless we copy the remaining subset of entries (This is slow).

## 4
Both deal with a similar data structure: a graph.
When finding the shortest path, it is okay to ignore nodes, but for the traveling salesman problem, all nodes need to be visited.
The traveling salesman problem could be interpreted as a "shortest path with constraints", as you also need to get from `A` to `B`, but you are required to pass through nodes `C, D, E...` in some order.
One of the problems is NP complete, the other is not.

## 5
When encrypting and decrypting a message, only the best (== correct) solution will do, as you would loose your message otherwise.

Scheduling processes on a computer is a problem where an approximate solution would be good enough.
